The purpose of this project is not to resolve a specific problem, but to create obstacles through which I may introduce myself to industry-valued data software solutions. I selected these skill-sets based on the frequency in which they appear in public job requirement listings. As the project continues to evolve, I'll add additional components based on the perception of their value to my professional and educational career. This process will take the form of *four distinct phases*:

1. Extract: Using my extensive familiarity with QuickBooks, I downloaded a free trial of the Enterprise edition and loaded the stock sample company, 'Rock Castle Construction'. From there, I exported several entity and transaction lists into Microsoft Excel, and used that data to develop an SQL Server database.
2. Query: I sharpened my SQL skills by emulating a handful of QuickBooks reports via complex queries, and preserved them as parameter-based Stored Procedures.
3. Visualize: Using the completed database, I imported the information into Power BI and Tableau to create a series of useful visualizations and interactive dashboards.
4. Expand (Coming Soon): For the next step, I'll be teaching myself Python to connect with SQL Server and automate transaction creation. Furthermore, I plan to introduce crucial variables to those new transactions that were missing from the original dataset. This will greatly improve upon the reportability of the data, allowing me to repeat *Phae 2 & 3* as many times as is necessary to achieve a truly complete analysis.
